Redistribution of my fonts, in any way you can imagine, is not allowed without my written consent.

My fonts are free for strictly private use. A donation is required for any other use including use as a webfont. Email me, kk@koeiekat.com, for details.

Upon downloading this font the user is bound to abide the Free font terms of use/Free font end-user license agreement (TOU/EULA) defined below. This agreement pertains to you/the user and the licensing rights aquired with this download. These rights are specific to free download and usage of this font, i.e. a private use license agreement.
-----------------------------------------------
Private use terms of use
Private use end-user license agreement:
-----------------------------------------------
1.) My fonts are free for private use* and may not be used commercially.**

2.) The redistribution of my fonts is not permitted under any circumstances and is strictly prohibited. Do not add this font to a font CD, or any other fonts compilation or a website where fonts can be downloaded.
Basically, don't sell my fonts, and do not make things that are to be sold using my fonts. They are free for strictly private use only.
Use for any other purpose, including web embedding requires a donation. A license for such use is granted after permission has been received. Email me, kk@koeiekat.com, for more details.

For profit scrapbooking and digital scrapbooking material(s) or scrapbooking and digital scrapbooking material(s) intended to be sold/resold with my fonts is also prohibited under this private use license, and requires my permission to do so.
However, scrapbooking and digital scrapbooking use of my fonts is only restricted when pertaining to the making of any for profit items. Creating items to be used "privately," whether in a traditional scrapbook or digital scrapbook is entirely permitted under this private license.

3.) My font files must be kept intact as downloaded. Under no circumstances may the fonts files be edited, altered, or modified in any way. This prohibits and includes but is not limited to renaming the font files, as well as the creation of so-called "new" and/or derivitave fonts from the font files or any other possible form of digital representation.

4.) Upon downloading my fonts the user accepts all liability and sole responsibility for the use of the fonts. The Kat (koeiekat) is not responsible or liable for any damages, loss or other consequences incurred as a result of downloading and using the fonts, or anything related or associated with the download and use.

* Private use:
Any use that is strictly private and not in any way related to commercial activities, not-for-profit included. Examples: A personal website or blog that does not contain advertisements or pay-per-click links, your school homework or course work, your own birthday or other invitations (made and printed by you), family scrapbooks and so on. Private use does not constitute "public domain".

** Not private use:
Any use, including the use as an image, that is not strictly private. Thus any use related to anything that has a commercial purpose, including non-profit. Examples: Business websites, portfolio websites, school websites, church websites, logos, business cards, letterheads, brochures, leaflets, posters, merchandise, t-shirts, books, magazines, retail packaging, advertising, TV broadcast and movie credits and so on. If you are interested in the use of any of my fonts in any manner outside the realm of "private use" you must obtain the rights prior to doing so. To obtain these rights contact me, kk@koeiekat.com .

Thank you for accepting and abiding these terms.